REQ-ID: DUB006
Description: The product shall be easy to use.
Type: 11a. Usability & Humanity/Ease of use
Rationale: Holidaymakers are people from various age group, cultural and educational background and like convenient. They will not want to waste so much time in finding their way round a website to book a property.
Fit Criterion: 95% of the holidaymakers shall be able to book his/her property within 10minutes on his/her first contact with the Landbnb website. I find 95% and 10minutes reasonable values after questioning some people that have booked a property for a holiday using other websites.
The fit criterion could be tested by using Landbnb prototype website during the acceptance test. This could be done by selecting people of different age group, educational and cultural background,  and timing how long it takes them to make a booking for a property. The timing could be done either by watching them live while making the booking and using a timer or taking a survey to ask how long it takes them to make the booking.
Originator: Derived from functional requirement AW13 (Make Booking).
Comments:
[AW] I like the detail in the fit criteria, especially the mention of acceptance testing, this looks good. I would just suggest the rationale is missing the end of the sentance at 'cultural and educational background and like convenient'. Could also include these groups having different needs and find different things 'easy to use'.


[cs] this non-requirement is to global and need dissecting to defined other function/Non-functionaal requirement and fit criterion that are quantifiable for developer implementing these functionality to measure (verification). 

[MM] The FC is good. Although I agree with CS that the NFR description is too broad.  I would expect to be testing for disabled accessibility under this heading, or not; as the case may be. But it’s not clear.

[JB] I would argue that 10 minutes is too short a time to complete a booking process. Perhaps within 10 minutes you may find a few properties that are attractive, or seriously considered, but to claim that 95% of users (on their first site visit) will successfully find a property, configure their personal requirements (e.g. dates, no. of rooms etc.) and complete the payment process, is a little too optimistic. Perhaps a better metric would be 30 minutes to complete a booking, or maybe sub-divide further: 10 minutes to find a property, 15 minutes to enter personal details, 5 minutes for payment etc. By sub-dividing the time requirements for the process, it is far clearer if there is one part of the application that is taking significantly longer to complete than another, and this feature can be looked at for improvements.