REQ-ID: CS101

Description:The product should have clear contact details, and allow easy enquiries. This should be in the form of two data points: 
LandBNB Telephone number, and email link on the website home. When you click on the email web link it takes you to an email webpage 
that allows you to email Landbnb from with the website (no login required). 

Type: 11 (Usability and Humanity)

Rationale: It needs to be as straightforward as possible for someone viewing a property to be able to contact an Agent. 

Fit Criterion:Customers should not require user login to access contact details and should 
displayed in “bold font text” on the website home page and footer of every webpage navigated to by users!

Originator: inffered from Req ID AW14 

Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
 

[MS] Fit Criterion is restricting the solution when it mentions how contact details has to be shown. The fit criterion should be measurable, for example: it can be tested by a prototype and measure if the percentage of users who can find contact details is greater than a threshold

[BIB] By including a specification such as "bold font text" in the fit criterion solutioneers the requirement. It may well be that there is a better way to display clear contact details. As mentioned by [MS] the fit criterion should be measurable, i.e. present some kind of test the solution will either pass or fail. In addition, in the description we are restricting the contact details to an email address and contact number. It may be that Landbnb have different contact details for different customers (perhaps one for holidaymakers and one for property owners). They may also want to display their address, social media accounts etc. 
[GD] Fit criterion should be measurable, and not dictate a solution. I would suggest something like.... "A web site user not familiar with the site should be able to locate the company's contact details within 30 seconds 90% of the time, based on a sample of user."
[TH] The fit criterion contains implementation detail, not sure if it's measurable. Maybe something along the lines of "The website should allow every user to send an email from opening the email page"
[SD] The fit criterion looks more like a design solution. It needs to include a measure, e.g., within n seconds and nomore than 2n seconds, user should be able to navigate to contact details.
 

[cs] the fit criterion should be extended to include mouse over hotspots on the Telephone number and Email links (which is a binary measurement: "change colour whent mouseover hotspot").
