REQ-ID: NFR-DPA

Description: The product shall deal with all gathered personal information so as to comply with the Data Protection Act, (and its imminent replacement The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which will apply throughout the EU from 25 May 2018).

Type: 17a. Compliance Requirements

Rationale: To stay within the law; and avoid crippling penalties. 

	   Note: This NFR is global and applies to the entire project’s data storage concerns.

Fit Criterion: Lawyers' verification that the product, and the proposed use of it, does not break any laws; with ‘100%’ certainty -  as far as you can trust lawyers.

Originator: Derived from function: hotrod1.


Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.

[DUB] : I find the fit criterion ok. However, I found the sentence in the “ Description” a little bit too long. Why not just say “the product shall be secured”.

[DN]: The need for 100% certainty in the fit criterion is correct in my opinion.
[SD]: As data protection being more stricter, I think the fit criterion is the only way to measure the NFR.

[MM]Referring to an earlier comment that the description should perhaps say only “the product shall be secured”; I beg to ask the question:  

	Against what? Rampaging buffalo, perhaps? 

It would be interesting to see an FC written against that suggested description! Any takers?

[MM]But seriously folks – don’t you think legally based NFRs’ look and feel just like constraints?

[JB] I think that to state "100% certainty" is impossible for a discipline as broad, and often subjective, as the law. I think that whilst including a numeric value is generally necessary for metric value, 100% certainty is not something that can be measured because it can never be 100% sure. For the purpose of a compliance requirement, maybe you would be better to state that a lawyer must provide black-and-white confirmation that they are satisfied that the product does not break any laws, to the best of their knowledge. When dealing with compliance, it is primarily a risk-mitigation measure, and as long as the lawyer has provided his/her view/confirmation, then the risk and any feasible legal dispute is transferred onto the lawyer and the legal team. In this way, you eliminate the risk of the product causing an issue entirely, without the need for an actual metric figure.

 